docs: re-word text and fix typos (#1150)
siemens/ix: CONTRIBUTING.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
-->

# Siemens Industrial Experience design system

> Siemens provides a holistic design system for building attractive and intuitive web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Industrial Experience Siemens provides a holistic design system for building attractive and intuitive web applications.
```

## Merge requests

If you are planning to contribute a larger change it is advisable to open an issue for discussion first. This way you can make sure in advance that your changes will actually get accepted.

In order to start working on an issue fork the repository.
Once all changes are implemented commit them to the fork and create a merge request (MR).

> Please make sure to enable the option `Allow commits from members who can merge to the target branch` in your MR. This way the maintainer team will be able to rebase the MR if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to enable the option `Allow commits from members who can merge to the target branch` in your MR. This way the maintainers will be able to rebase the MR if necessary.
```
